CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that we ask you to follow in all your interactions with the project.

**IMPORTANT: Please do not create a Pull Request without creating an issue first.**

*Any change needs to be discussed before proceeding. Failure to do so may result in the rejection of the pull request.*

Thank you for your pull request. Please provide a description above and review
the requirements below.

## Pull Request Process

0. Check out [Pull Request Checklist](#pull-request-checklist), ensure you have fulfilled each step.
1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a
   build.
2. Please ensure the [README](README.md) and [DOCS](./DOCS.md) are up-to-date with details of changes to the command-line interface,
    this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
3. **PLEASE ENSURE YOU DO NOT INTRODUCE BREAKING CHANGES.**
4. **PLEASE ENSURE BUG FIXES AND NEW FEATURES INCLUDE TESTS.**
5. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of one other maintainer/code owner,
   or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Pull Request Checklist

- [x] Read the **CONTRIBUTING** document. (It's checked since you are already here.)
- [ ] Read the [**CODE OF CONDUCT**](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) document.
- [ ] Add tests to cover changes.
- [ ] Ensure your code follows the code style of this project.
- [ ] Ensure CI and all other PR checks are green OR
    - [ ] Code compiles correctly.
    - [ ] Created tests which fail without the change (if possible).
    - [ ] All new and existing tests passed.
- [ ] Add your changes to `Unreleased` section of [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md).
- [ ] Improve and update the [README](README.md) (if necessary).
- [ ] Ensure [documentation](./DOCS.md) is up-to-date. The same file will be updated in [plugin index](https://github.com/drone/drone-plugin-index/blob/master/content/meltwater/drone-cache/index.md) when your PR is accepted, so it will be available for end-users at http://plugins.drone.io.

## Release Process

*Only concerns maintainers/code owners*

0. **PLEASE DO NOT INTRODUCE BREAKING CHANGES**
1. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this
   release would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/meltwater/drone-cache/tags).

2. Ensure [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) is up-to-date with new version changes.
3. Update version references.
4. Create a tag on master. Any changes on master will trigger a release with given tag and `latest tag.

    ```console
    $ git tag -am 'vX.X.X'
    > ...
    $ git push --tags
    > ...
    ```

> **Keep in mind that users usually use the `latest` tagged images in their pipeline, please make sure you do not interfere with their working workflow.**

Commit message:

Add compression level CLI option (#84)
* Add a new CLI option to specify the compression level

Fixes #72

- Refactor Makefile
- Remove test script in favor of Makefile
- Automate usage generation
- Upgrade Golangci-lint

* Update CONTRIBUTING docs

* Migrate to structured logging

* Upgrade to go 1.13

* Remove clutter from error messages

* Update CHANGELOG, README and dependencies

* Upgrade goreleaser

Signed-off-by: Kemal Akkoyun <kakkoyun@gmail.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that we ask you to follow in all your interactions with the project.

**IMPORTANT: Please do not create a Pull Request without creating an issue first.**

*Any change needs to be discussed before proceeding. Failure to do so may result in the rejection of the pull request.*

Thank you for your pull request. Please provide a description above and review
the requirements below.

## Pull Request Process

0. Check out [Pull Request Checklist](#pull-request-checklist), ensure you have fulfilled each step.
1. Check out [Uber Style Guide](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md), project tries to follow it, ensure you have fulfilled it as much as possible.
2. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a
   build.
3. Please ensure the [README](README.md) and [DOCS](./DOCS.md) are up-to-date with details of changes to the command-line interface,
    this includes new environment variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
4. **PLEASE ENSURE YOU DO NOT INTRODUCE BREAKING CHANGES.**
5. **PLEASE ENSURE BUG FIXES AND NEW FEATURES INCLUDE TESTS.**
6. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of one other maintainer/code owner,
   or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Pull Request Checklist

- [x] Read the **CONTRIBUTING** document. (It's checked since you are already here.)
- [ ] Read the [**CODE OF CONDUCT**](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) document.
- [ ] Add tests to cover changes.
- [ ] Ensure your code follows the code style of this project.
- [ ] Ensure CI and all other PR checks are green OR
    - [ ] Code compiles correctly.
    - [ ] Created tests which fail without the change (if possible).
    - [ ] All new and existing tests passed.
- [ ] Add your changes to `Unreleased` section of [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md).
- [ ] Improve and update the [README](README.md) (if necessary).
- [ ] Ensure [documentation](./DOCS.md) is up-to-date. The same file will be updated in [plugin index](https://github.com/drone/drone-plugin-index/blob/master/content/meltwater/drone-cache/index.md) when your PR is accepted, so it will be available for end-users at http://plugins.drone.io.

## Release Process

*Only concerns maintainers/code owners*

0. **PLEASE DO NOT INTRODUCE BREAKING CHANGES**
1. Execute `make README.md`. This will update [usage](README.md#usage) section of [README.md](README.md) with latest CLI options
2. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this
   release would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/meltwater/drone-cache/tags).

3. Ensure [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) is up-to-date with new version changes.
4. Update version references.
5. Create a tag on master. Any changes on master will trigger a release with given tag and `latest tag.

    ```console
    $ git tag -am 'vX.X.X'
    > ...
    $ git push --tags
    > ...
    ```

> **Keep in mind that users usually use the `latest` tagged images in their pipeline, please make sure you do not interfere with their working workflow.**
